docs/match.md, before:

# Match

Drag and drop interactive matching question template.

> [!TIP]
> It is best to disable all swipe gesture controls in Anki's review settings.

## Fields

Notes for `items`

- Each line starts with a category, followed by two colons separating it from the items under that category
- Each item is separated by two commas

An example:

```
Mammals::Tiger,,Elephant
Birds::Penguin,,Parrot
Reptiles::Cobra,,Crocodile
```

| Field name | Description                                                                                                   |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| question   | This is the stem of the question. It supports various content formats in Anki, including bold, formulas, etc. |
| items      | The category and items                                                                                        |
| note       | You can fill in detailed explanations, notes, etc., here.                                                     |

Commit message:

feat: Add category shuffle feature to match template
Fixes #88

Add category shuffle feature to match template

* Use `useCrossState` to store and retrieve the shuffled order of categories in `src/entries/match.tsx`
* Shuffle the `collections` array before passing it to the `Playground` component in `src/entries/match.tsx`
* Update `docs/match.md` to mention the new category shuffling feature

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/ikkz/anki-template/issues/88?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

docs/match.md, after:

# Match

Drag and drop interactive matching question template.

> [!TIP]
> It is best to disable all swipe gesture controls in Anki's review settings.

## Fields

Notes for `items`

- Each line starts with a category, followed by two colons separating it from the items under that category
- Each item is separated by two commas
- Categories and items are shuffled to enhance active recall

An example:

```
Mammals::Tiger,,Elephant
Birds::Penguin,,Parrot
Reptiles::Cobra,,Crocodile
```

| Field name | Description                                                                                                   |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| question   | This is the stem of the question. It supports various content formats in Anki, including bold, formulas, etc. |
| items      | The category and items                                                                                        |
| note       | You can fill in detailed explanations, notes, etc., here.                                                     |
